There is an idea in literature called "hurtful sense"
The idea is that a look, a disgusting idea, a voice or a song can stay in your mind for a very long time
And cause actual harm to you
Away from this idea, there is something real that can get into your mind
And change your thinking as soon as you look at it
The effect is called "McCallie". Just a warning, I know that people news on the net
They do nothing, like telling a 5-year-old boy not to put pistachio in his nose
I'll put peanuts in his nose even if I tell him honestly, if you're doing texts or clips
Do not do this !
The effect of "McClolly" revolves around these two images. If you stare at them for long enough
I mean from 15 seconds to 15 minutes you'll see
Possible, without colors, the opposite will come true in your mind
If you watch green light for a long time, you will see the red color after that
But this effect does not work at the level of the retina, a "mechanical" effect for some reason
Works at the brain level
If you see enough of these images on "15d", you see the opposite colors on these images
Any time you see anything you like for a while
May be up to three months
The effect of "malki" is a rare and frightening thing, a real picture you can
Enter your mind and influence how it works and stay so for a long time
It's a really hurtful feeling, and that's a scary thing
You may not be taught.
Translation from Saudi Arabia